adds sl course link and updates fill_nulls_with and join_to_timespine (#4912)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-course.md

<details>

> <summary>📹 Discover dbt Semantic Layer on-demand video courses!</summary>

Author: ```suggestion
<summary>📹 Learn about the dbt Semantic Layer with on-demand video courses!</summary>
```
